Docs: promote the shelve module in the dbm docs introduction (#126218)
python/cpython: Doc/library/dbm.rst

--------------

> A DBM database is a persistent, dictionary-like object that stores keys and values as :class:`bytes`.

Reviewer: A DBM database is not a dictionary-like object. The `dbm` package provides a dictionary-like interface to the DBM databases.

Author: You are right. How would you define a DBM database? It's hard for me to explain what it is for someone who hasn't used a dbm library.

Author: Specially now with the SQLite backend; like, there's not even a relation to an actual DBM engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :mod:`!dbm` module is a generic interface to key-value databases,
that stores keys and values as :class:`bytes`.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure that any changes are needed here, so I left this on others core developers which can be more interesting in changes.

Reviewer 2: I agree that this particular change is not needed. However, I think it may make sense to make the "seealso" more prominent.

Author: Alright, not touching this paragraph.

.. seealso::

   Module :mod:`shelve`
      Persistence module that can store keys and values of types other than bytes.

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer if this could be moved to L31 instead (that is; just before the reference part starts).

Author: The rationale of the change as proposed is that, if the user needs shelves, mentioning the different implementations of a dbm database is a waste of their time. If you still think it adds value in that case, I'll change it.

Reviewer 2: I understand, but I think we should also consider the visual impact. IMO, it is slightly visually jarring with the relatively large "seealso" box in the middle of the general description; I'd prefer it if the general module description came first, and then the yellow "seealso" box.

Moreover, I'm not sure visually skipping a few lines is _"a waste of time"_, since all of this fits in a screenful anyway.

<details>

<summary>In the middle of the description</summary>

<img width="837" alt="Screenshot 2024-11-04 at 10 15 27" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac69ccce-39cb-4708-b8eb-c7231a89d4ed">

</details>

<details>

<summary>Below description</summary>

<img width="823" alt="Screenshot 2024-11-04 at 10 16 54" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/33aab002-3261-47d8-af19-1f7ee54f8175">

</details>

Author: Alright, followed your suggestion.

is a `third party interface <https://www.jcea.es/programacion/pybsddb.htm>`_ to
the Oracle Berkeley DB.

.. seealso::

   Module :mod:`shelve`

>       Persistence module that can store keys and values of types other than bytes.

Reviewer 2: Quoting the `shelve` intro text:

> A “shelf” is a persistent, dictionary-like object. The difference with “dbm” databases is that the values (not the keys!) in a shelf can be essentially arbitrary Python objects — anything that the [pickle](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html#module-pickle) module can handle. This includes most class instances, recursive data types, and objects containing lots of shared sub-objects. The keys are ordinary strings.

The original `.. seealso` text read like this:

>   Module :mod:`shelve`
>       Persistence module which stores non-string data.

I'm not sure if this new description is accurate enough.

Author: Kept the original description
